We Are The Swarm
================

Everyone you know anticipates the release of StarCraft 2 with vast eagerness.
To help get back in the saddle of the greatest RTS game ever, you decide to use
programming to help practice your decision making.

You are the Zerg Queen in command of the 654195331th legion of Zerg forces, the
only side worth playing in StarCraft. The wise Overmind has given you the
important task of cleaning up some remote planets for mineral mining
operations. Apparently, some pesky Terran forces have decided to set up base
defenses in these locations, prior to your arrival. With your limited forces,
you must determine which Terran bases to attack. Your Zerg forces on each
planet have free movement over that one planet, and may split up to attack any
number of Terran bases on that planet. However, your Zerg ground forces have
not yet evolved space flight and thus cannot travel from planet to planet to
assist each other.

The Overmind has provided you with some valuable information about each base.
For each Terran base, you are given the amount of minerals, and the strength
of the Terran forces at that base. Terran communication channels have been
disrupted so you do not have to worry about forces from one base aiding
another. You know from past experiences that your odds of victory over a
particular Terran base are equal to:

    P(z,s) = e\ :sup:`(-63s+10)` / (e\ :sup:`(-63s+10)` + e \ :sup:`(-21z)`)

Where z is the strength of the Zerg forces, s is the strength of the Terran
base, P(z,s) is the probability from (0-1) that the base will be taken over,
and e is Euler's number. The expected amount of minerals gained from an attack
on a Terran base is therefore equal to round(P(z,s) * m) where m is the amount
of minerals at the Terran base. Use these probabilities to attack Terran forces
that will likely result in the maximum amount of minerals available for mining.
Mineral gains are considered significant enough to commit Zerg units if the
expected gain is 1 or more minerals. Any extra forces should not be allocated
to attack a base so that the Overmind may use them for other nefarious
purposes.

Write a program that takes a single argument on the command line. This argument
must be a file name, which contains the input data. The program should output
to standard out the deployment orders of your Zerg horde. Your program must be
robust and fast enough to be able to handle large inputs (within the below
bounds) within a matter of minutes.

Input specifications
--------------------

The input file starts out with a single line with an integer number of planets
(**P**). Subsequent lines represent data blocks on each planet. The first line
of a data block is two integers separated by single space character. The first
integer is the number of Terran bases on the planet (**T**), followed by the
number of Zerg forces available on the planet (**Z**). Following that, each
subsequent line in the data block contains two integers separated by a single
space character. These numbers are the strength of the Terran forces at the
base (**s**) and the minerals at the base (**m**). There will be one subsequent
line per base on the planet. All values in the input are integers.

The following bounds are observed for P, T, Z, s, and m:

    1 <= P <= 1000
    1 <= T <= 1000
    1 <= Z <= 1000
    1 <= s <= 100000
    1 <= m <= 5000

Example input file:

::

    2
    5 1000
    1143 234
    2349 2
    234 455
    39843 323
    83834 4284
    2 23
    7 2000
    40 5

Output specifications
---------------------

For each planet (in order of appearance in the input file), output two lines of
text. The first line of text should be the total amount of Zerg forces utilized
on the planet, followed by the probable number of minerals captured, separated
by a single space character.

The second line of text should consist of pairs of numbers separated by single
space characters. The first number in a pair is the index of the base attacked
(indexes start at zero for each planet, and are in order of appearance in the
input file), followed by the number of Zerg forces used, separated by a single
space. These pairs should be ordered by base index, in ascending order. There
should be no trailing space after the last number of any line; but there must
be a new line at the end of every line, including the last line.

Example output:

::

    702 455
    2 702
    21 2000
    0 21

